<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="application_layout_options">
    <title>Application Layout Options</title>
    <body>
        <p>The <uicontrol>Application Layout</uicontrol> preferences allow you to customize the arrangement and behavior of the application's user interface. The following options are available:</p>
        <dl>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Select application layout</dt>
                <dd>
                    Choose how the application's layout is determined:
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Default</uicontrol>: Uses the standard layout provided by the application.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Predefined</uicontrol>: Allows selection of a predefined layout (option is disabled in the current view).
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Custom</uicontrol>: Lets you specify a custom layout file.
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Reset layout at startup</dt>
                <dd>
                    If selected, the application layout will be reset to the chosen configuration each time the application starts.
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Remember layout changes for each project</dt>
                <dd>
                    If enabled, the application will remember and restore layout changes individually for each project.
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Allow detaching of editors from main window</dt>
                <dd>
                    When checked, editors can be detached from the main application window and moved independently.
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>View tab placement</dt>
                <dd>
                    Specifies the position of view tabs within the interface:
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Top</uicontrol>: Places view tabs at the top of the view area.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Bottom</uicontrol>: Places view tabs at the bottom of the view area.
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Editor tab placement</dt>
                <dd>
                    Specifies the position of editor tabs:
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Top</uicontrol>: Places editor tabs at the top of the editor area.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <uicontrol>Bottom</uicontrol>: Places editor tabs at the bottom of the editor area.
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <p>
            <b>Note:</b> To apply these changes, you must restart the application.
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
